README.md, before:

# mixed workload bench (node-redis Edition)

High-performance **Redis Commands benchmark tool**, written in Node.js.  
Supports both **standalone** and **Redis OSS Cluster** modes, with support for basic Redis commands like `SET`, `GET`, `HSET`, and `HGET`.

--- 

## 📦 Installation

```bash
npm install
```

## Usage

This benchmark tool allows testing Redis performance with various parameters:

```bash
# Run directly with ts-node
./scripts/run-bench-mixed.sh <instances> [benchmark_args...]

# Example with 3 instances, 100 clients per instance, running for 60 seconds
./scripts/run-bench-mixed.sh 3 --clients=100 --test-time=60

# Example with rate limiting (500 operations per second) (rate limit is per instance)
./scripts/run-bench-mixed.sh 1 --clients=10 --test-time=30 --rate-limit=500

# Example with TLS enabled
./scripts/run-bench-mixed.sh 1 --clients=10 --tls --tls-ca=/path/to/ca.crt --tls-cert=/path/to/client.crt --tls-key=/path/to/client.key
```

## Available Options

### Basic Configuration
- `--clients=N`: Number of concurrent connections to use (default: 1)
- `--test-time=N`: Duration of the test in seconds (default: 0, runs indefinitely)
- `--data-size=N`: Size of the payload data in bytes (default: 300)
- `--rate-limit=N`: Maximum operations per second (default: 0, no limit)
- `--host=ADDR`: Redis server address (default: 127.0.0.1)
- `--port=N`: Redis server port (default: 6379)

### Authentication
- `--a=PASSWORD`: Password for Redis authentication
- `--user=USERNAME`: Username for Redis ACL authentication

### TLS/SSL Configuration
- `--tls`: Enable TLS/SSL connection (default: false)
- `--tls-key=FILE`: Path to client private key file
- `--tls-cert=FILE`: Path to client certificate file
- `--tls-ca=FILE`: Path to CA certificate file
- `--tls-key-passphrase=PASS`: Passphrase for encrypted private key file
- `--reject-unauthorized`: Reject unauthorized TLS/SSL certificates (default: true)

### Cluster Mode
- `--oss-cluster-api-distribute-subscribers`: Enable Redis OSS Cluster mode (default: false)

### Monitoring and Output
- `--measure-rtt-latency`: Enable/disable latency measurements (default: true)
- `--json-out-file=FILE`: Write results to JSON file
- `--client-update-tick=N`: Update interval for progress display in seconds (default: 1)

### Advanced Settings
- `--rand-seed=N`: Random seed for reproducibility (default: 12345)
- `--redis-timeout=N`: Redis connection timeout in milliseconds (default: 120000)

Commit message:

Added option to configure the get commands hit rate

README.md, after:

# mixed workload bench (node-redis Edition)

High-performance **Redis Commands benchmark tool**, written in Node.js.  
Supports both **standalone** and **Redis OSS Cluster** modes, with support for basic Redis commands like `SET`, `GET`, `HSET`, and `HGET`.

--- 

## 📦 Installation

```bash
npm install
```

## Usage

This benchmark tool allows testing Redis performance with various parameters:

```bash
# Run directly with ts-node
./scripts/run-bench-mixed.sh <instances> [benchmark_args...]

# Example with 3 instances, 100 clients per instance, running for 60 seconds
./scripts/run-bench-mixed.sh 3 --clients=100 --test-time=60

# Example with rate limiting (500 operations per second) (rate limit is per instance)
./scripts/run-bench-mixed.sh 1 --clients=10 --test-time=30 --rate-limit=500

# Example with TLS enabled
./scripts/run-bench-mixed.sh 1 --clients=10 --tls --tls-ca=/path/to/ca.crt --tls-cert=/path/to/client.crt --tls-key=/path/to/client.key

# Example with key distribution and hit rate configuration
./scripts/run-bench-mixed.sh 1 --clients=10 --keys-count=1000 --hit-rate=80 --key-prefix=myapp
```

## Available Options

### Basic Configuration
- `--clients=N`: Number of concurrent connections to use (default: 1)
- `--test-time=N`: Duration of the test in seconds (default: 0, runs indefinitely)
- `--data-size=N`: Size of the payload data in bytes (default: 300)
- `--rate-limit=N`: Maximum operations per second (default: 0, no limit)
- `--host=ADDR`: Redis server address (default: 127.0.0.1)
- `--port=N`: Redis server port (default: 6379)

### Authentication
- `--a=PASSWORD`: Password for Redis authentication
- `--user=USERNAME`: Username for Redis ACL authentication

### TLS/SSL Configuration
- `--tls`: Enable TLS/SSL connection (default: false)
- `--tls-key=FILE`: Path to client private key file
- `--tls-cert=FILE`: Path to client certificate file
- `--tls-ca=FILE`: Path to CA certificate file
- `--tls-key-passphrase=PASS`: Passphrase for encrypted private key file
- `--reject-unauthorized`: Reject unauthorized TLS/SSL certificates (default: true)

### Cluster Mode
- `--oss-cluster-api-distribute-subscribers`: Enable Redis OSS Cluster mode (default: false)

### Key Distribution and Hit Rate
- `--keys-count=N`: Number of keys to be used (default: 16384)
- `--hit-rate=N`: Average hit rate percentage for GET and HGET operations (default: 100)
- `--key-prefix=PREFIX`: Prefix for the keys used in the benchmark (default: "mixed-bench")

### Monitoring and Output
- `--measure-rtt-latency`: Enable/disable latency measurements (default: true)
- `--json-out-file=FILE`: Write results to JSON file
- `--client-update-tick=N`: Update interval for progress display in seconds (default: 1)

### Advanced Settings
- `--rand-seed=N`: Random seed for reproducibility (default: 12345)
- `--redis-timeout=N`: Redis connection timeout in milliseconds (default: 120000)
